Vibe coding projects for clients and small businesses
Check out my poker web app, bad-poker.com for private-table games with friends. ♠️♦️♣️♥️
please, stop expecting to vibecode serious mobile app in an hour
Built a chess variant where the goal is to lose
Which do you think is better, sonnet 5 or opus 4.6?
I feel stupid and frustrated
I used AI to build a LinkedIn automation tool without knowing how to code, now it’s making $1,752 MRR 🚀
Guys my app just passed 4,000 users!
AI Gaming Conference and GameDev Job Creation
I built a Chrome extension that shows every domain a webpage is connected to as a graph what should I add next?
Make any photo talk!
Planing to deploy vibecoding to a beginners class
Here are 40 subreddits that should allow you to promote your app
Astra doing magic for a space game I'm working on it
I vibecoded my way to a math record and my OpenClaw agent was cited as a contributor
Why do people default to hostility instead of actually explaining their point?
Is it T-shirt weather?
Unpopular opinion
We’re on call for code nobody wrote
Guardrails
Astra, Fable 5.1, Gemini 3.8 Flash — all real jumps. None of them beat $0.20-in / $1.20-out for the work I actually do fifty times a day.
Understanding how to use AI Benchmarks
It was in the other context window.
GPT-6 Astra built a working Tetris game inside VANILLA Minecraft using only commands (single prompt)
I made this game that fucks with your brain a little!
Making some progress on my PC Desktop bound interface. That also maybe turns content within 2D images opened by its image viewer into 3D models instantly because I was feeling extra.
A seg what?
Claude just tried to test if a new permission hook was working by removing its own guardrails and then trying to delete a random system file. The hook in fact did not work and I was only saved by the auto-classifier (correctly) freaking out
Can I match Sol max level of build with any cheaper model using multiple independent agents reviews techniques etc?
I vibe coded a game this afternoon - Diamond Man (Let me tell you how)
Building a Story For Oversteer Helped Create Consistent Art & Assets
vibecoded horror game with Fable 5.1
Ive spent far more effort building my own saas than my consultancy job project, yet it doesnt pay me a dime :(
After almost 2 years coding with AI, here's my 12 step workflow to not build slop
what the best AI mobile builder? there are 19 of them, and only 6 ship real native
hitting Api limits mid task
“Reverse engineering” is my favorite way of Frankesteining features.
What model do you recommend for architecture and implemention documentation?
I turned Git into a shared context layer for engineering teams and multiple agent sessions
I’ve been updating the Stylized Components landing page
Does anyone else crack up...
vibelyric'd then made in clipchamp (fine art)
A Zombie Outbreak simulation in my home town.
Intelligent Al will not be the Al that creates true AGI
I made a scaffolder that also audits OpenSSF readiness
I vibe-coded a milestone + payment tracker for freelancers
No AI’s Sky: a Three.js experiment built with GPT-6 Astra
This is a backup drop that allows you to freely combine multiple audio files, from web pages or local files.
I've added Slack Support for Jira which lets you create tickets and assign to people right from Slack.
28x more AI spend. Zero new innovation
I built an open-source “document department” platform, now with automatic Supabase setup
I am Looking for paid kiro credit
Made a realtime AI video interviewer